Dear Hiring Manager,

I am writing to apply for the Gameplay Programmer position. 

In my pursuit of new creative endeavours, I was excited to find this opportunity with Alpha Channel. I am amazed by the excellent gamming experience Furious Seas provides, not just the stunning visual, but also the creative and immersive game mechanics that fully utilizes the advantages of virtual reality. I am very looking forward to joining you to reveal all the great potentials of your game.

I am a new graduate from the University of Toronto Computer Science with a focus in Game Design at the University of Toronto and obtained a final GPA of 3.95.  With my dedication to game design, I have taken several high-level courses that are extremely beneficial for game development, such as Game Design, Parallel Programming, Artificial Intelligence. On top of my academic achievements, I also had a one-year PEY(intern) experience at Destiny Solutions maintaining a large online course management system that is used by over 90 universities in North America.

With my deep passion for video game design, I joined the University of Toronto Game Design and Development Club and was elected as the Event Organizer in the 3rd year. With my friends in the game club, I have developed several indie games in the past 5 years. 

 I have developed strong leadership skills, time management skills, and gained experience in engineering large systems through those game projects, internships, contributions to open-source projects, and various other large projects. I took the leading role in all of those game development projects and school projects, where I dissected complex problems, assessed task priorities, delegated tasks to the team members.

For a greater presentation of my background with illustrations for the projects, please review my electronic resume at https://github.com/otomn/resume or the attached PDF version. Please feel free to schedule meetings or interviews with me to discuss in detail. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,
Zhenyao (Toby) She

